src/app/docs/components/panel/page.mdx, before:

import { Panel } from "@dev-spendesk/grapes";

import { Preview } from "@/lib/preview/preview";

import { DemoPanel } from "./demo";

## Import

- `Panel`: The panel component.
- `PanelSection`: A helper component designed to represent a section inside the panel.

---

## Basic usage

The `Panel` component is highly customizable, first with the `title`, `header`, `footer`, and `footerSummary` props, which are used to add content at the top and bottom of the panel, and the `onClose` prop which will add the cross icon at the top of the panel.

The `PanelSection` component lets you define sections inside the panel, which will automatically be separated by dividers. The `isEditable` and `isCollapsible` props allow you to define your sections as editable or collapsible, and a number of props will help you customize editable sections.

<Preview>
  <DemoPanel />
</Preview>

```tsx sandbox
const Demo = () => {
  const [legalName, setLegalName] = useState("google");
  const [tmpLegalName, setTmpLegalName] = useState("");

  return (
    <Panel
      title="Supplier details"
      onClose={() => {}}
      header={
        <>
          <Avatar src="/supplier.svg" text="supplier" variant="square" />
          <div>
            <div>Google</div>
            <div>401000</div>
          </div>
        </>
      }
      footer={
        <Button
          variant="secondaryNeutral"
          fit="parent"
          text="Archive supplier"
        />
      }
      footerSummary={{
        title: "Summary",
        isCollapsible: true,
        content: (
          <>
            <div>Total amount</div>
            <div>500€</div>
          </>
        ),
      }}
    >
      <PanelSection
        title="Information"
        isEditable
        editSection={
          <FormField label="Legal name">
            <TextInput
              onChange={(event) => setTmpLegalName(event.target.value)}
              value={tmpLegalName}
            />
          </FormField>
        }
        cancelTranslation="Cancel"
        saveTranslation="Save changes"
        onSave={() => {
          setLegalName(tmpLegalName);
        }}
        onCancel={() => {
          console.log("onCancel");
        }}
      >
        <div>Legal name</div>
        <div>{legalName}</div>
      </PanelSection>
      <PanelSection title="Bank details" isEditable={false} isCollapsible>
        <div>Bank country</div>
        <div>France</div>
        <div>IBAN</div>
        <div>-</div>
        <div>BIC</div>
        <div>-</div>
      </PanelSection>
      <PanelSection title="Proof of bank details" isEditable={false}>
        <DeprecatedPreview
          fit="parent"
          iconName="receipt-checked"
          primaryText="Uploaded on November 4, 2020"
          rightAddon={
            <Icon
              aria-hidden="true"
              color="var(--color-content-decorative-icon)"
              name="magnifying-glass"
            />
          }
        />
      </PanelSection>
    </Panel>
  );
};
```

## Footer and footer summary

Two props are available to display information at the bottom of a panel: `footer` and `footerSummary`. You can use one or the other, or both at the same time.

The `footerSummary` has a number of options, including `title` and `content`, and can be collapsed with the `isCollapsible` property. If the footer summary is collapsed, the options `isDefaultCollapsed`, `onCollapsed`, and `onExtended` become available.

<Preview>
  <Panel
    className="body-m w-[300px]"
    title="Panel title"
    footer={<div>Footer</div>}
  ></Panel>
  <Panel
    className="body-m w-[300px]"
    title="Panel title"
    footerSummary={{ content: "Footer summary" }}
  ></Panel>
  <Panel
    className="body-m w-[300px]"
    title="Panel title"
    footerSummary={{
      title: "Collapsible footer summary",
      content: <div className="mt-16">Footer summary content</div>,
      isCollapsible: true,
    }}
  ></Panel>
  <Panel
    className="body-m w-[300px]"
    title="Panel title"
    footer={<div>Footer</div>}
    footerSummary={{ content: "Footer summary" }}
  ></Panel>
</Preview>

```tsx sandbox
<>
  <Panel footer={<div>Footer</div>}></Panel>
  <Panel footerSummary={{ content: "Footer summary" }}></Panel>
  <Panel
    footerSummary={{
      title: "Collapsible footer summary",
      content: <div className="mt-16">Footer summary content</div>,
      isCollapsible: true,
    }}
  ></Panel>
  <Panel
    footer={<div>Footer</div>}
    footerSummary={{ content: "Footer summary" }}
  ></Panel>
</>
```

Commit message:

docs(overflow): upgrade Grapes and add alert block on content overflow (#766)

src/app/docs/components/panel/page.mdx, after:

import { Panel } from "@dev-spendesk/grapes";

import { Preview } from "@/lib/preview/preview";

import { DemoPanel } from "./demo";

## Import

- `Panel`: The panel component.
- `PanelSection`: A helper component designed to represent a section inside the panel.

---

## Basic usage

The `Panel` component is highly customizable, first with the `title`, `header`, `footer`, and `footerSummary` props, which are used to add content at the top and bottom of the panel, and the `onClose` prop which will add the cross icon at the top of the panel.

The `PanelSection` component lets you define sections inside the panel, which will automatically be separated by dividers. The `isEditable` and `isCollapsible` props allow you to define your sections as editable or collapsible, and a number of props will help you customize editable sections.

<Preview>
  <DemoPanel />
</Preview>

```tsx sandbox
const Demo = () => {
  const [legalName, setLegalName] = useState("google");
  const [tmpLegalName, setTmpLegalName] = useState("");

  return (
    <Panel
      title="Supplier details"
      onClose={() => {}}
      header={
        <>
          <Avatar src="/supplier.svg" text="supplier" variant="square" />
          <div>
            <div>Google</div>
            <div>401000</div>
          </div>
        </>
      }
      footer={
        <Button
          variant="secondaryNeutral"
          fit="parent"
          text="Archive supplier"
        />
      }
      footerSummary={{
        title: "Summary",
        isCollapsible: true,
        content: (
          <>
            <div>Total amount</div>
            <div>500€</div>
          </>
        ),
      }}
    >
      <PanelSection
        title="Information"
        isEditable
        editSection={
          <FormField label="Legal name">
            <TextInput
              onChange={(event) => setTmpLegalName(event.target.value)}
              value={tmpLegalName}
            />
          </FormField>
        }
        cancelTranslation="Cancel"
        saveTranslation="Save changes"
        onSave={() => {
          setLegalName(tmpLegalName);
        }}
        onCancel={() => {
          console.log("onCancel");
        }}
      >
        <div>Legal name</div>
        <div>{legalName}</div>
      </PanelSection>
      <PanelSection title="Bank details" isEditable={false} isCollapsible>
        <div>Bank country</div>
        <div>France</div>
        <div>IBAN</div>
        <div>-</div>
        <div>BIC</div>
        <div>-</div>
      </PanelSection>
      <PanelSection title="Proof of bank details" isEditable={false}>
        <DeprecatedPreview
          fit="parent"
          iconName="receipt-checked"
          primaryText="Uploaded on November 4, 2020"
          rightAddon={
            <Icon
              aria-hidden="true"
              color="var(--color-content-decorative-icon)"
              name="magnifying-glass"
            />
          }
        />
      </PanelSection>
    </Panel>
  );
};
```

## Footer and footer summary

:::alert{title="Content Overflow in Footer Summary"}
The Footer Summary, when configured as collapsible, benefits from an animation effect when it is revealed or concealed. This animation requires the use of an overflow property to ensure the content appears and disappears smoothly.

As a result, components such as `Popover`, `Select`, and `DropdownMenu` are **not compatible**, as they cannot properly overflow the Footer Summary's boundaries.

It is recommended to avoid using these components within an Collapsible Footer Summary to ensure proper functionality.

However, if you must use these components, you can use the `noAnimation` prop. This prop will disable the animation, thereby eliminating the need for the overflow property.
:::

Two props are available to display information at the bottom of a panel: `footer` and `footerSummary`. You can use one or the other, or both at the same time.

The `footerSummary` has a number of options, including `title` and `content`, and can be collapsed with the `isCollapsible` property. If the footer summary is collapsed, the options `isDefaultCollapsed`, `onCollapsed`, and `onExtended` become available.

<Preview>
  <Panel
    className="body-m w-[300px]"
    title="Panel title"
    footer={<div>Footer</div>}
  ></Panel>
  <Panel
    className="body-m w-[300px]"
    title="Panel title"
    footerSummary={{ content: "Footer summary" }}
  ></Panel>
  <Panel
    className="body-m w-[300px]"
    title="Panel title"
    footerSummary={{
      title: "Collapsible footer summary",
      content: <div className="mt-16">Footer summary content</div>,
      isCollapsible: true,
    }}
  ></Panel>
  <Panel
    className="body-m w-[300px]"
    title="Panel title"
    footer={<div>Footer</div>}
    footerSummary={{ content: "Footer summary" }}
  ></Panel>
</Preview>

```tsx sandbox
<>
  <Panel footer={<div>Footer</div>}></Panel>
  <Panel footerSummary={{ content: "Footer summary" }}></Panel>
  <Panel
    footerSummary={{
      title: "Collapsible footer summary",
      content: <div className="mt-16">Footer summary content</div>,
      isCollapsible: true,
    }}
  ></Panel>
  <Panel
    footer={<div>Footer</div>}
    footerSummary={{ content: "Footer summary" }}
  ></Panel>
</>
```
