src/app/docs/guide/(installation)/page.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting started
description: A quick tutorial to get you up and running with Grapes.
---

# Getting Started

A quick tutorial to get you up and running with Grapes.

## Installation

Grapes is available as a [NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@dev-spendesk/grapes).

```bash
npm install @dev-spendesk/grapes
```

Please note that `react` >= 18.2 and `react-dom` >= 18.2 are peer dependencies.

---

## Usage

All Grapes applications start with a `GrapesProvider`. This provider specifies the locale to use, along with some optional settings like a mapbox token.

Here is a quick example if you want to use Grapes components in your React app:

```tsx
import { SwitchField, GrapesProvider } from "@dev-spendesk/grapes";

export const MySwitchField = () => {
  return (
    <GrapesProvider
      locale="en-US"
      localesDefinition={{
        fallbackLocale: "en-US",
        locales: {
          "en-US": {
            cancel: "Cancel",
            close: "Close",
            nextMonth: "Next month",
            previousMonth: "Previous month",
            openCalendar: "Open calendar",
            show: "show",
            hide: "hide",
            showOptions: "Show options",
            edit: "Edit",
            clearSelection: "Clear selection",
            selectCurrency: "Select a currency",
            deleteWithName: ({ name }) => `Delete ${name}`,
          },
        },
      }}
    >
      <SwitchField
        label="Should I use Grapes?"
        isChecked
        onChange={() => {
          console.log("Of course you need to use it, what are you doing?");
        }}
      />
    </GrapesProvider>
  );
};
```

### TailwindCSS Preset

Grapes exposes a preset that can be included into any existing Tailwind CSS project.
To get started, you first need to make sure that you have a working Tailwind CSS project installed. More information about the installation can be found on Tailwind's documentation website: [https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation).
Then, include the preset to your `tailwind.config.js` file:

```ts
import GrapesPreset from "@dev-spendesk/grapes/tailwind";

export default {
  corePlugins: {
    preflight: false, // Disabled preflight // [!code highlight]
  },
  presets: [GrapesPreset], // [!code highlight]
};
```

:::warning{title="Disabled preflight"}
TailwindCSS comes with an opinionated set of base styles.
This feature, named preflight, needs to be disabled in order for the Grapes preset to work properly.
:::

### Using the theme

Here is a quick example if you want to use Grapes' design tokens in your CSS:

```css
.MyComponent {
  margin-bottom: var(--unit-8);
}
```

Commit message:

refactor(guide): update theming, tokens index, etc...

src/app/docs/guide/(installation)/page.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting started
description: A quick tutorial to get you up and running with Grapes.
---

# Getting Started

A quick tutorial to get you up and running with Grapes.

## Installation

Grapes is available as a [NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@dev-spendesk/grapes).

```bash
npm install @dev-spendesk/grapes
```

Please note that `react` >= 18.2 and `react-dom` >= 18.2 are peer dependencies.

---

## Usage

All Grapes applications start with a `GrapesProvider`. This provider specifies the locale to use, along with some optional settings like a mapbox token.

Here is a quick example if you want to use Grapes components in your React app:

```tsx
import { SwitchField, GrapesProvider } from "@dev-spendesk/grapes";

export const MySwitchField = () => {
  return (
    <GrapesProvider
      locale="en-US"
      localesDefinition={{
        fallbackLocale: "en-US",
        locales: {
          "en-US": {
            cancel: "Cancel",
            close: "Close",
            nextMonth: "Next month",
            previousMonth: "Previous month",
            openCalendar: "Open calendar",
            show: "show",
            hide: "hide",
            showOptions: "Show options",
            edit: "Edit",
            clearSelection: "Clear selection",
            selectCurrency: "Select a currency",
            deleteWithName: ({ name }) => `Delete ${name}`,
          },
        },
      }}
    >
      <SwitchField
        label="Should I use Grapes?"
        isChecked
        onChange={() => {
          console.log("Of course you need to use it, what are you doing?");
        }}
      />
    </GrapesProvider>
  );
};
```

### CSS theme

You also need to import the CSS from Grapes.

```css
@import "@dev-spendesk/grapes/style";
```

To better manage the specificity of your application's styles and those from Grapes, we recommed using CSS Cascade layers.

Here is an example to import Grapes into a CSS Layer named Grapes:

```css
@import "@dev-spendesk/grapes/style" layer(grapes);
```

### TailwindCSS Preset

Grapes exposes a preset that can be included into any existing Tailwind CSS project.
To get started, you first need to make sure that you have a working Tailwind CSS project installed. More information about the installation can be found on Tailwind's documentation website: [https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation).
Then, include the preset to your `tailwind.config.js` file:

```ts
import GrapesPreset from "@dev-spendesk/grapes/tailwind";

export default {
  corePlugins: {
    preflight: false, // Disabled preflight // [!code highlight]
  },
  presets: [GrapesPreset], // [!code highlight]
};
```

:::warning{title="Disabled preflight"}
TailwindCSS comes with an opinionated set of base styles.
This feature, named preflight, needs to be disabled in order for the Grapes preset to work properly.
:::
