src/app/docs/guide/codemods/page.mdx, before:

# Codemods

Codemods are transformations that run on your codebase programmatically. This allows a large number of changes to be programmatically applied without having to manually go through every file.

Grapes provides codemod transformations to help upgrade your Grapes application when a component is updated.

---

## Usage

In your terminal, navigate into your project and run:

```bash
npx @dev-spendesk/grapes-codemod <transform> <path>
```

Replacing `<transform>` and `<path>` with appropriate values.

- `transform` - name of transform
- `path` - files or directory to transform

---

## Transformations

### 0.268.0

**Migrate MoneyInput**

This codemod renames the component MoneyInput into AmountInput.

```bash
npx @dev-spendesk/grapes-codemod moneyinput-rename-amountinput "./src/**/*.{ts,js,tsx,jsx}"
```

### 0.266.0

**Migrate FormField**

This codemod renames the FormField prop `infoText` in `infoTipContent`.

```bash
npx @dev-spendesk/grapes-codemod formfield-rename-infoText "./src/**/*.{ts,js,tsx,jsx}"
```

### 0.264.0

**Migrate FormField**

This codemod removes the FormField prop `fit`.

```bash
npx @dev-spendesk/grapes-codemod formfield-remove-fit "./src/**/*.{ts,js,tsx,jsx}"
```

Commit message:

docs(codemod): add migration to v1.29.0

src/app/docs/guide/codemods/page.mdx, after:

# Codemods

Codemods are transformations that run on your codebase programmatically. This allows a large number of changes to be programmatically applied without having to manually go through every file.

Grapes provides codemod transformations to help upgrade your Grapes application when a component is updated.

---

## Usage

In your terminal, navigate into your project and run:

```bash
npx @dev-spendesk/grapes-codemod <transform> <path>
```

Replacing `<transform>` and `<path>` with appropriate values.

- `transform` - name of transform
- `path` - files or directory to transform

---

## Transformations

### 1.29.0

**Migrate Avatar and HighlightIcon**

This codemod updates the prop `size` of the `Avatar` and `HighlightIcon` component from a t-shirt scale to a number scale.

```bash
npx @dev-spendesk/grapes-codemod size-unit "./src/**/*.{ts,js,tsx,jsx}"
```

### 0.268.0

**Migrate MoneyInput**

This codemod renames the component MoneyInput into AmountInput.

```bash
npx @dev-spendesk/grapes-codemod moneyinput-rename-amountinput "./src/**/*.{ts,js,tsx,jsx}"
```

### 0.266.0

**Migrate FormField**

This codemod renames the FormField prop `infoText` in `infoTipContent`.

```bash
npx @dev-spendesk/grapes-codemod formfield-rename-infoText "./src/**/*.{ts,js,tsx,jsx}"
```

### 0.264.0

**Migrate FormField**

This codemod removes the FormField prop `fit`.

```bash
npx @dev-spendesk/grapes-codemod formfield-remove-fit "./src/**/*.{ts,js,tsx,jsx}"
```
