src/app/docs/components/floating-action-bar/page.mdx, before:

import { ActionBar } from "@dev-spendesk/grapes";
import { Preview } from "@/lib/preview/preview";

import { DemoFloatingActionBar } from "./demo";

## Usage

A FloatingActionButton should be used when a user wants to perform an action that applies to multiple items, such as in a Table or a ListBox component.

<Preview>
  <DemoFloatingActionBar />
</Preview>
```tsx
{selectedRowIds.length > 0 && (
  <FloatingActionBar
    actions={[
      {
        text: "Archive",
        onClick: handleArchive,
        iconName: "archive",
      },
      {
        text: "Download",
        onClick: handleDownload,
        iconName: "arrow-down-tray",
      },
    ]}
  >
    {`${selectedRowIds.length} selected`}
  </FloatingActionBar>
)}
<Table
  data={data}
  columns={columns}
  getRowId={(row: DataRow) => String(row.id)}
  selectedRowIds={selectedRowIds}
  onRowSelectionChange={handleRowSelection}
  onAllRowsSelectionChange={handleAllRowsSelection}
/>
```

## ActionBar

If you don't require the floating behavior of the FloatingActionButton, you can use the ActionBar component instead. The ActionBar component has the same props as the FloatingActionButton.

<Preview>
  <ActionBar
    actions={[
      {
        text: "Archive",
        iconName: "archive",
      },
      {
        text: "Edit",
        iconName: "pen",
      },
      {
        text: "Download",
        iconName: "arrow-down-tray",
      },
    ]}
  >
    3 selected
  </ActionBar>
</Preview>

```tsx sandbox
<ActionBar
  actions={[
    {
      text: "Archive",
      onClick: () => "Archive",
      iconName: "archive",
    },
    {
      text: "Edit",
      onClick: () => "Edit",
      iconName: "pen",
    },
    {
      text: "Download",
      onClick: () => "Download",
      iconName: "arrow-down-tray",
    },
  ]}
>
  3 selected
</ActionBar>
```

Commit message:

feat(ActionBar): Add tooltip support to action bar actions

src/app/docs/components/floating-action-bar/page.mdx, after:

import { ActionBar } from "@dev-spendesk/grapes";
import { Preview } from "@/lib/preview/preview";

import { DemoFloatingActionBar } from "./demo";

## Usage

A FloatingActionButton should be used when a user wants to perform an action that applies to multiple items, such as in a Table or a ListBox component.

<Preview>
  <DemoFloatingActionBar />
</Preview>
```tsx
{selectedRowIds.length > 0 && (
  <FloatingActionBar
    actions={[
      {
        text: "Archive",
        onClick: handleArchive,
        iconName: "archive",
      },
      {
        text: "Download",
        onClick: handleDownload,
        iconName: "arrow-down-tray",
      },
    ]}
  >
    {`${selectedRowIds.length} selected`}
  </FloatingActionBar>
)}
<Table
  data={data}
  columns={columns}
  getRowId={(row: DataRow) => String(row.id)}
  selectedRowIds={selectedRowIds}
  onRowSelectionChange={handleRowSelection}
  onAllRowsSelectionChange={handleAllRowsSelection}
/>
```

## ActionBar

If you don't require the floating behavior of the FloatingActionButton, you can use the ActionBar component instead. The ActionBar component has the same props as the FloatingActionButton.

<Preview>
  <ActionBar
    actions={[
      {
        text: "Archive",
        iconName: "archive",
        tooltipContent: "This is some useful information in a tooltip",
        tooltipPlacement: "top"
      },
      {
        text: "Edit",
        iconName: "pen",
      },
      {
        text: "Download",
        iconName: "arrow-down-tray",
      },
    ]}
  >
    3 selected
  </ActionBar>
</Preview>

```tsx sandbox
<ActionBar
  actions={[
    {
      text: "Archive",
      onClick: () => "Archive",
      iconName: "archive",
      tooltipContent: "This is some useful information in a tooltip",
      tooltipPlacement: "top"
    },
    {
      text: "Edit",
      onClick: () => "Edit",
      iconName: "pen",
    },
    {
      text: "Download",
      onClick: () => "Download",
      iconName: "arrow-down-tray",
    },
  ]}
>
  3 selected
</ActionBar>
```
