src/app/docs/guide/theming/page.mdx, before:

---
title: Theming
---

# Theming

Learn how styling works in Grapes, including how you can apply a theme to Grapes.

## Introduction

Grapes is designed to maintain uniformity across all Spendesk applications. Each component comes with pre-defined styles tested to align with Spendesk guidelines and ensure accessibility standards are met.

**Customizing Grapes is discouraged** but our components do provide flexibility
for adjusting layouts, spacing, and other elements to suit your needs.

---

## className props

Most Grapes components support the props `className`. This props is intended to set styling option such as layout, position, and spacing.
Although not recommended, this props can also be used to override any style within a given component.

---

## Theming

Colors, sizing, spacing, fonts, and other tokens can be customized throught the use of CSS variables. Most predefined CSS variables are defined under the section `Token`.

The recommended way to override the Grapes theme is to define a new CSS Cascade layer inside your application, say `marketing`.

```css
@layer marketing {
  /** rules */
}
```

To override any CSS variable use the pseudo-class `:root` :

```css
@layer marketing {
  :root {
    --color-content-primary: red;
    --unit-4: 0.8rem;
  }
}
```

To take effect, **your layer should take precedence** over the layer you defined when importing the style from Grapes.

```css{1}
@layer grapes, marketing;

@layer marketing {
  :root {
    --color-content-primary: red;
    --unit-4: 0.8rem;
  }
}
```

Commit message:

docs(guide): add paragraph about Grapes classNames and module exports (#767)
* docs(guide): add paragraph about Grapes classNames and module exports

* reformulate grapes styles identifier

src/app/docs/guide/theming/page.mdx, after:

---
title: Theming
---

# Theming

Learn how styling works in Grapes, including how you can apply a theme to Grapes.

## Introduction

Grapes is designed to maintain uniformity across all Spendesk applications. Each component comes with pre-defined styles tested to align with Spendesk guidelines and ensure accessibility standards are met.

**Customizing Grapes is discouraged** but our components do provide flexibility
for adjusting layouts, spacing, and other elements to suit your needs.

---

## className props

Most Grapes components support the props `className`. This props is intended to set styling option such as layout, position, and spacing.
Although not recommended, this props can also be used to override any style within a given component.

:::info{title="Identified Grapes styles"}
All styles from Grapes can be easily identified by their unique class name prefix, `_grapes-XX`, where `XX` is a combination of letters and numbers.

This prefix serves as a clear indicator, allowing you to determine if a class, and its associated styles, originate from Grapes or not.
:::

---

## Theming

Colors, sizing, spacing, fonts, and other tokens can be customized throught the use of CSS variables. Most predefined CSS variables are defined under the section `Token`.

The recommended way to override the Grapes theme is to define a new CSS Cascade layer inside your application, say `marketing`.

```css
@layer marketing {
  /** rules */
}
```

To override any CSS variable use the pseudo-class `:root` :

```css
@layer marketing {
  :root {
    --color-content-primary: red;
    --unit-4: 0.8rem;
  }
}
```

To take effect, **your layer should take precedence** over the layer you defined when importing the style from Grapes.

```css{1}
@layer grapes, marketing;

@layer marketing {
  :root {
    --color-content-primary: red;
    --unit-4: 0.8rem;
  }
}
```
